README.md, before:

# About Our Love Percentage Calculator

Welcome to our Love Percentage Calculator! This fun and engaging app is designed to explore the chemistry between two individuals by calculating their love percentage based on their names. Whether you’re curious about your compatibility with a _friend_, _partner_, or <u>_crush_</u>, this app adds a playful twist to relationships.

## How It Works

Our algorithm brings back the fun we had as children when figuring out love percentages. Here’s how it works:

<ol>
   <li>
      <strong>Name Combination</strong>: 
      The app starts by merging the two names into a single string formatted as "First Name loves Second Name". This string is then prepared for analysis by removing spaces and converting it to lowercase.
   </li>
   <li>
      <strong>Counting Letter Occurrences</strong>: 
      Each character in the combined string is assessed to count how many times each letter appears. This produces a sequence of numbers representing these occurrences.
   </li>
   <li>
      <strong>Calculating the Result</strong>: 
      The algorithm takes the initial sequence of numbers and transforms it into a love percentage:
      <ul>
         <li>
            If the number is 100 or below, it’s returned as the final love percentage.
         </li>
         <li>
            If it exceeds 100, the app adds pairs of digits together recursively until a number within the desired range is achieved.
         </li>
      </ul>
   </li>
   <li>
      <strong>Visualization of Steps</strong>: 
      As the calculations progress, the app keeps track of each step. This allows users to see how the love percentage evolves, offering a fun way to analyze the relationship between the two names.
   </li>
</ol>

## Features

- User-Friendly Interface: Easy to navigate, allowing you to quickly input names and get your results.

- Fun Results: Share your love percentages with friends or use them as an ice-breaker in social settings.

- Endless Combinations: Try different name pairs and discover a variety of love percentages!

We believe every relationship has potential, and our app is meant to celebrate that in a lighthearted manner. Dive in, have fun, and enjoy the journey of discovering love percentages with your friends and loved ones!

Commit message:

Add descriptions for step-by-step breakdown and offline functionality in README

README.md, after:

# About Our Love Percentage Calculator

Welcome to our Love Percentage Calculator! This fun and engaging app is designed to explore the chemistry between two individuals by calculating their love percentage based on their names. Whether you’re curious about your compatibility with a _friend_, _partner_, or <u>_crush_</u>, this app adds a playful twist to relationships.

## How It Works

Our algorithm brings back the fun we had as children when figuring out love percentages. Here’s how it works:

<ol>
   <li>
      <strong>Name Combination</strong>: 
      The app starts by merging the two names into a single string formatted as "First Name loves Second Name". This string is then prepared for analysis by removing spaces and converting it to lowercase.
   </li>
   <li>
      <strong>Counting Letter Occurrences</strong>: 
      Each character in the combined string is assessed to count how many times each letter appears. This produces a sequence of numbers representing these occurrences.
   </li>
   <li>
      <strong>Calculating the Result</strong>: 
      The algorithm takes the initial sequence of numbers and transforms it into a love percentage:
      <ul>
         <li>
            If the number is 100 or below, it’s returned as the final love percentage.
         </li>
         <li>
            If it exceeds 100, the app adds pairs of digits together recursively until a number within the desired range is achieved.
         </li>
      </ul>
   </li>
   <li>
      <strong>Visualization of Steps</strong>: 
      As the calculations progress, the app keeps track of each step. This allows users to see how the love percentage evolves, offering a fun way to analyze the relationship between the two names.
   </li>
</ol>

## Features

- User-Friendly Interface: Easy to navigate, allowing you to quickly input names and get your results.

- Fun Results: Share your love percentages with friends or use them as an ice-breaker in social settings.

- Endless Combinations: Try different name pairs and discover a variety of love percentages!

- Step-by-Step Breakdown: Understand how the love percentage is calculated with a detailed view of each step.

- Offline Functionality: Use the app anytime, anywhere without needing an internet connection.

We believe every relationship has potential, and our app is meant to celebrate that in a lighthearted manner. Dive in, have fun, and enjoy the journey of discovering love percentages with your friends and loved ones!
